In Operation Flashpoint: Red River, players assume control of Outlaw-2-Bravo, A United States Marine Corps fireteam during a fictional conflict in Tajikistan in 2013. A terrorist group known as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement launches mortar attacks on a US forward operating base (FOB) in Afghanistan, prompting the United States to launch operation Enduring Shield, having the United States Marine Corps invade west Tajikistan and wipe out the Insurgent threat.[9]First, Outlaw squad is tasked with capturing several villages and an airfield, along with defusing IED's and wiping out several insurgent positions. The unit is then tasked with securing and repairing a dam, while at the same time reinforce a FOB located next to the dam named FOB Viper. Outlaw then receives a task to quell the remaining insurgents located in a stronghold. After reaching the stronghold however, the People's Liberation Army of neighboring China intervenes, having invaded eastern Tajikistan in retaliation as the ETIM massacred Chinese athletes during the 2012 Olympic Games. Both sides start firing at each other, and the world's next flashpoint erupts. Outlaw is then ordered to slow down the PLA advance while other marines are evacuated to a secondary FOB. After Outlaw reaches the FOB, it is quickly attacked by a PLA mechanized division. With their numbers dwindling, Outlaw barely escapes from the FOB, with their commanding officer telling them that they are the only unit who made it out. The remaining marines conduct a guerrilla war against the PLA, with Outlaw conducting ambushes and raids against PLA units. First they ambush and destroy a PLA supply convoy in order to cripple the PLA supply lines. After that, the members of Outlaw learn that, in order to halt the PLA advance in western Tajikistan, the remaining marines need to prevent a strategic set of bridges from falling in the PLA's hands. Even though they are heavily outnumbered, the marines from Outlaw manage to hold out long enough for reinforcements to arrive from Afghanistan.