Description: The magic and the miraculous transformations continue. The young witch Bloom and her friends have matured and are now much more serious about their magic club. But this does not mean that the time for mischief and games has passed. On the contrary, young fairy girlfriends have learned new spells and are now ready to have fun from the heart. Join them, and the heroes of Winx Club: Join the Club will gladly welcome you to their team. Especially since soon they will need help. Winx Club: Join the Club is a fun and exciting journey into the world of magic, sorcerers and fulfillment of the most cherished desires. Good magicians will become faithful companions for the players and will help you withstand all the tests with honor. But before you start the fun, you need to once and for all free the world of Magiks from evil. The search for an ancient amulet, exciting mini-games, a lot of new characters and the most real magic are waiting for you on the other side of the screen. An exciting story. The events of the game are based on the second season of the famous animation project Winx Club, one of the most popular TV shows on Fox Kids. And that means, the heroes are again waiting for difficult trials, ingenious plot twists, secrets covered in darkness, evil enemies and the obligatory victory of good over evil - does Winx Club happen otherwise? New girlfriends bloom. More and more girls discover the talents of the wizards. But only the strongest of them get into the club of the young heroine. Meet new fairy girlfriends and discover their secret opportunities. Funny mini-games for each heroine. Where ingenuity and reaction are needed, magic is sometimes powerless, and even sorceresses sometimes have to smash their heads over the riddles that stand in their way. Help the little fairies cope with puzzles and save their beloved world. Fairies are different. And what Bloom and her friends will become depends only on you. In a special room, each character can get magical items that will help in exciting adventures. But first, valuable things need to be able to win.